I started to make a lot of friends at school,
and aside from school,
I began learning how to Rollerblade.
So whenever I’d go out to practice,
I’d meet lots of different people.
I made some mistakes
because of bad associations.
We started going out at night
and maybe just drinking a little alcohol.
But eventually, we were drinking a lot.
By the time I realized what was happening,
I was already really involved.
I was 17 years old.
I started being close friends with them.
They were everything to me,
and I really trusted them.
They were doing some wrong things
like doing drugs and using bad language.
But I thought: ‘I’m just with them.
As long as I don’t do what they’re doing,
it’s not a problem.’
I began to make excuses,
saying that it didn’t really matter
and that there wasn’t anything wrong
with what I was doing.
My spiritual routine
was just going to the meetings.
I started missing some meetings.
I never prayed.
I didn’t even know how to do personal study.
I wasn’t reading the Bible every day.
In this group of friends,
there was a boy who liked me
and asked me out.
And since all my friends were dating,
I thought, ‘Why not?’
So I started dating him,
and my parents had no idea.
I’d lie about where I was going,
what I’d be doing, and who I’d be with.
I was pretty much
two completely different people.
At home, I was one way,
and with my friends, I was another.
I tried to pray to Jehovah,
but I just couldn’t.
I felt ashamed because I knew inside
that Jehovah wasn’t happy
with what I was doing.
My conscience really bothered me.
There was a moment when my boyfriend
and then some of those friends
really let me down.
I began thinking about how I
didn’t have anyone else in my life.
One time, we were all drinking,
and this girl invited us all
to go to her house.
I started thinking
about what might happen
if I said yes to that girl’s invitation.
I knew that there’d be drinking, drugs,
and maybe even something immoral
might happen.
So after having not prayed
for a really long time,
I closed my eyes and said:
“Jehovah, please help me.
I’m just so alone.
I don’t have anyone.”
I felt completely abandoned by everyone.
So right then and there,
I said a prayer to Jehovah,
asking him
that if he would help me to say no,
from that day forward,
I would stop associating with those friends
and serve him whole-souled.
Many times,
I asked Jehovah to forgive me.
I said:
“Jehovah, you’re the only one I have.
Please help me.”
And that’s exactly what happened.
After saying that prayer,
I felt determined to leave.
I started thinking
about everything that I’d done
and how I was putting
not only my own life at risk
but also my relationship with Jehovah.
I thought, ‘I’m going to talk to the elders.’
Since I’m a very shy person,
the thought of confessing my mistakes
was really difficult.
I talked to them,
and I told them everything that had happened.
It was like a weight had been lifted off me.
I saw that I really wasn’t alone after all.
I still remember a scripture
that they read to me
at Psalm 86:5,
which showed me that Jehovah’s forgiveness
has no limits if I’m truly repentant.
So I knew that Jehovah would forgive me.
But the elders also told me
that I’d have to tell my parents,
which was very difficult.
But I thought, ‘Well, I need to speak up.’
And I just opened up
and told them about what had happened.
I decided
that I was going talk with an elder,
and he read a scripture with me
from Philippians 4:7,
which says that “the peace of God
“that surpasses all understanding
will guard [our] hearts.”
So I was able to pray again,
knowing that if I really changed,
I could feel that peace
that comes from Jehovah.
I started studying the Bible for real.
I stopped associating with those friends
and started being more involved
in spiritual things.
I had the privilege of getting baptized
and becoming a regular pioneer.
And today, I’m serving at Bethel.
I had the privilege of being invited
to help with construction projects,
but my greatest privilege
is the strong friendship
that I have with Jehovah
and also having true friends.
I’ve seen that Jehovah
has always been by my side.
And even when I didn’t want to be with him,
Jehovah never abandoned me.